docs: updates about branches and where to target PRs (#12416)
filecoin-project/lotus: LOTUS_RELEASE_FLOW.md

## Branch and Tag Strategy

> [//]: # (This info is a markdown comment rather than a `> [!NOTE]` because text colors don't render in the GitHub UI, which is where we expect this to be primarily read.)

Reviewer: maybe we shouldn't use the colours, where else do we expect people to be viewing this? if I render it in my editor they show up, but I rarely look at rendered markdown in my editor; I think they could all be removed

Author: I agree this is mostly/almost-entirely read via GitHub UI.  I am fine to strip out the colors and corresponding comment unless you think otherwise @rjan90 .

Reviewer 2: Agreed on stripping out the colors.

Author: I stripped them out.  Resolving.

[//]: # (<span style="color:blue">Blue text</span> indicates node-related information.)
[//]: # (<span style="color:orange">Orange text</span> indicates miner-related information.)
[//]: # (System-default-colored text applies to both node and miner releases.)

* Releases are usually branched from the `master` branch, regardless of whether they include a network upgrade or not.

>   * For emergency patch releases where we can't risk including recent `master` changes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * For certain patch releases where we can't risk including recent `master` changes (such as for security or emergency bug-fix releases):
```

just to widen the possibilities a little?

    * <span style="color:blue">Node: `release/vX.Y.Z+1` will be created from `release/vX.Y.Z`</span>
    * <span style="color:orange">Miner: `release/miner/vX.Y.Z+1` will be created from `release/miner/vX.Y.Z`</span>
* PRs usually target the `master` branch, even if they need to be backported to a release branch. 

>   * The primary exception is CHANGELOG editorializing and callouts.  As part of the [release process](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/blob/master/documentation/misc/RELEASE_ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md), those changes happen directly in a release branch and are merged back to `master` at the end of a release. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The primary exception is CHANGELOG editorializing and callouts.  As part of the [release process](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/blob/master/documentation/misc/RELEASE_ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md), those changes happen directly in a release branch and are cherry-picked back to `master` at the end of a release. 
```

how about we just go with a plain cherry-pick instead of fumbling through merge-backs?

Author: I think the reason why merge-back has been historically done because there wasn't enough protection/diligence about merging to master first.  Lotus has been bitten before I believe where changes landed in a release branch but missed master.  This then got discovered during the next release that is cut from master when a regression of functionality is found.  

In summary: if we are diligent (and ideally guard-railed) with master->release branch flow, this seems good/fine to me @rvagg.

What do you think @rjan90 ?

Author: Oh sorry, you are covering the assurances point below in https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/12416#discussion_r1732039911

Reviewer 2: I´m in favour of the cherry-pick back to master now that we have tightened up that things needs to land in master first.
